whenever you work with a team. First of all, you have to know your team.
And once you know how they interact with each other, uh, you're bound
to find some kind of dissension among these peoples. Um, they have
lots of time together outside of work. Um, they might see each other
at bars. Some of them might be dating other people that might have
family problems. And those small problems can actually filter in
into the unit now. Generally, there's not so much of a problem with
that. That's how come you have, like people high fiving and people
joking around and people like, uh, tapping each other. You want that
kind of familial bond? But, um, if there is a problem, for instance,
like, let's say, two people are dating and then they break up, then
they're not gonna wanna work with each other or they're gonna work
with each other bad. And for the most part, uh, it tends to go away.
But if you don't take care of it, it can grow to be really, really,
really big problem. Um, people's lives on the line. And if you have
somebody that doesn't want to go down and check on someone when they're
supposed to, or if you have someone that says like, hey, argument
with this personal yesterday and I'm going to give him a bad recommendation,
things like that that could get really, uh, out of hand
pretty fast.